---
layout: default
permalink: /
title: Home
---

{% include index.html %}

“MONTE-CARLO-RIVIERA”
LLC

Real Estate Abroad

Real Estate in Monaco and on the French Riviera

All Kinds of Operations


Full Legal Support

Legal Advice on French Law

Monday - Friday: From 09:00 to 18:00
Saturday - Sunday: By appointment
+38 (067) 310 77 33


NOUS PARLONS FRANÇAIS

"Monte Carlo Riviera" LLC is the first company of Monaco's and French Riviera's real estate operating in the Ukrainian market on a straight line without intermediaries.
We can offer you, not only a truly exclusive property segment of "luxury" in Monaco and the French Riviera, but also the provision of personalized services and individual approach to all your needs during transactions such as: legal advice on commercial, fiscal as well as corporate law in Monaco and France, support and translations during your visit to Monaco and more.
Despite the fact that Monaco symbolizes luxury and elegance, this country offers tranquility and optimum safety for its residents and their property.
More than 120 nationalities have chosen Monaco for all sorts of investments. The Principality of Monaco has an international reputation for dynamic and diversified economy as well as many financial platforms.
Monaco as an independent state in the heart of Europe that offers investors and foreign residents a unique lifestyle, security of investment, combined with the advantages of an attractive tax system. Therefore, if you decide to invest in Monaco, you will benefit from low taxation.
 Characteristics of the tax system in Monaco:
• - Lack of income tax (the only taxed citizens are from France and the United States)
 
• - Lack of land tax and property tax, the lack of professional tax
 
• - No tax on profits for companies who derive more than 75% of its revenue from operations in Monaco
 
• - VAT: 20%, or 5.5%

We are located at:
Pushkinskaya street 8A, of. 2
01134 Kyiv, Ukraine
Mob .: +38 (067) 310-77-33
Tel. / Fax: +38 (044) 279-00-54
